# HTML Forms

Web forms are one of the main points of interaction between a user and a web site of application. Forms allow users to enter data, which is generally sent to a web server for processing and storage, or used on the client-side to immediately update the interface in some way.

A web form's HTML is made up of one or more form controls (widgets), plus some additional elements to help structure the overall form - they are often referred to as HTML forms. The controls can be single or multi-line text fields, dropdown boxes, buttons, checkboxes, or radio buttons, and are mostly created using the `<input>` element.

Form controls can also be programmed to enforce specific formats or values to be entered (form validation), and paired with text labels that describe their purpose to both sighted and blind users.

## Example

    <form action="/my-handling-form-page" method="post">
    <ul>
    <li>
        <label for="name">Name:</label>
        <input type="text" id="name" name="user_name">
    </li>
    <li>
        <label for="mail">E-mail:</label>
        <input type="email" id="mail" name="user_email">
    </li>
    <li>
        <label for="msg">Message:</label>
        <textarea id="msg" name="user_message"></textarea>
    </li>
    <li class="button">
        <button type="submit">Send your message</button>
    </li>
    </ul>
    </form>

* All forms start with a `<form>` element. the `action` attribute defines the location (URL) where the form's collected data should be sent when the form is submitted. The `method` attribute defines which HTTP method to send the data with (usually `get` or `post`).
* The form will send three pieces of data named `user_name`, `user_email` and `user_message`. The data will be sent to the URL `/my-handling-form-page` using HTTP POST method.
* On the server side, the script at the URL `/my-handling-form-page` will receive the date as a list of 3 key-value items contained in the HTTP request.
